DEGREES
100% Online Programs From Top Universities
On Coursera, you can now choose from more than 14 fully-online university degrees that empower you to learn on your schedule, benefit from live expert instruction, and earn a prestigious degree for less than similar on-campus programs.
MML
New! Master of Science of Machine Learning
Imperial College London
You will: Develop an in-depth understanding of machine learning models and learn to apply them to real-world problems.
Learn More
MSEE
New! Master of Science in Electrical Engineering
University of Colorado Boulder
You will: Learn from industry-leading faculty and build the devices and systems of the future. Get started right away towards earning admission with open online courses.
Learn More
MSDS
New! Master of Science in Data Science
University of Colorado Boulder
You will: Learn interdisciplinary, applied data science skills and earn your Master’s degree. Pass a series of placement tests and get started right away.
Learn More
UIUC MCSDS
Master of Computer Science in Data Science
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
You will: Prepare yourself for a career at the intersection of information science and cutting-edge technology.
Final Admissions Deadline: Apply by May 30th to start in August 2019
Apply Now
ASU MCS
Master of Computer Science
Arizona State University
You will: Master cutting-edge topics like AI, cybersecurity, the blockchain, and big data with the world’s most innovative university.
Final Admissions Deadline: Apply by April 15th to start in May 2019
Apply Now
UIUC MCS
Master of Computer Science
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
You will: Build deep expertise in topics like machine learning, data mining, and software engineering with a top CS program for emerging technology leaders.
Final Admissions Deadline: Apply by May 30th to start in August 2019
Apply Now
Explore Degrees
MASTERTRACK™ CERTIFICATES
Master’s Degree Learning Within Reach
We’ve split Master’s programs into modules so you can earn a university-issued career credential online at a breakthrough price. Each program features a deeply engaging learning experience,real-world projects, and live expert instruction. If you are accepted to the full Master's program, your MasterTrack Certificate counts towards your degree.
Part of the Master of Science in Analytics degree
You will: Learn evidence-based decision making techniques.
Analytics
New! Machine Learning for Analytics
University of Chicago
Learn More		Courses TBA
Part of the Master of Arts in Geography degree
You will: Solve real-world problems using R programming and geographic information systems (GIS).
Spatial
New! Spatial Data Analysis and Visualization
University of California, Davis
Learn More		5 courses
Part of the Master of Science in Engineering in Construction Engineering and Management degree
You will: Develop core professional skills in construction management.
Construction
Construction Engineering and Management
University of Michigan
Learn More		6 courses
Part of the Master of Education in Education Policy, Organization & Leadership degree
You will: Become an instructional designer by mastering the art and science of learning.
ID
Instructional Design
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Learn More		2 courses
Explore MasterTrack Certificates
video
Degrees Built for You
Hear from university faculty and degree students. Find the open degree course or Specialization that’s right for you and get started today.
