WorkMail  
Youth4work
Opportunity is for Academic Consultant Hi
Opportunity is for Academic Consultant

Hi Mohammed Nauman Siddique 
Greetings of the Day!!! 
Immediate Requirement for Below:- 
Profiles:- 
Academic Consultant, Toppr.com 

Location: Okhla, Janakpuri,Delhi. 

About Us 
Toppr is an adaptive after-school learning app for classes 5th to 12th. Our vision is to make learning personalised using technology. We believe each child is unique with distinct learning needs. 

We are building Toppr as an adaptive platform that can increase engagement, optimise learning and improve outcomes. We have the widest syllabus coverage in India with over 20 subjects, 20 boards and 50 exams. Over 40 lakh students use the learning app. 

Toppr was started in 2013 by IIT Bombay alumni Zishaan Hayath and Hemanth Goteti and is backed by venture capital firms SAIF, Helion and Eight Roads. 

If the future of education interests you, we would love to talk about what you can bring to our team. 

About the Team 
We are the face of Toppr for all our students and their parents. 
We help them understand how to leverage Toppr platform for their learning. 
We strive to take Toppr to every single household in India; and then the world. 

Role & Responsibilities 
● Advise student/ parents for their learning needs through structured Counselling Sessions
● Fix appointments and conduct home demo sessions on daily basis including follow up sessions 
● Understand Customer profile & problems to explain implication of ineffective learning methods 
● Create the need for Smart Learning and advise student-parent to buy Toppr Subscription as solution 
● Handle Objections and Price Negotiation to generate Sales Revenue 
● Learn/ Upgrade one’s own Product Knowledge and Sales Skills to achieve and exceed growing Sales target(s) 

Academic Consultant at Toppr 

● Possess sound knowledge and understanding of consumer (students and parents) behavior 
● Possess Basic / Good knowledge of Class 5 to 12 Subjects as per existing Curriculum 
● Are keen to learn and upgrade Product knowledge from time to time for better Sales 
● Enthusiastic and willing to work relentlessly for achieving and exceeding business targets 
● Thrive in a fast paced ambiguous work environment 
● Have good communication skills in English and the regional language with professional presentation 
● Open to Intra-City travel to Customer Locations 

Qualification & Skills 

● MBA or Graduate 
● Good to have a 0.6-4 years B2C sales experience ● Excellent Selling/Negotiation Skills. 
● Previous educational industry experience is an added advantage. 
● 2 wheeler is compulsory as it is Field Sales. 
● Laptop & Android phone is mandatory. 
● Good MBA/Btech freshers will also work. 

If interested can share resume at mamta.m@youth4work.com or can reach me at 7290025436. 

This position is very immediate Kindly reach me at the above number to schedule your interview. 


Regards 
Mamta 
youth4work